With so much to do in our life, not just in the ministry but also with secular work, family responsibilities for some even health issues, we can get into a rut.
It's not always easy to detect it first, because in this age of technology, we always feel busy.
But what consumes our day?
Watch this one minute video and try to detect what's going on in the life of one brother.
His life is in a rut. Try to figure out why.
Would you say that this brother's life is in a rut?
Oh, he's active all day. He always has something to do.
But it says if his mind has been kidnapped by his devices.
Have you ever had the experience of reading an email while someone is trying to tell you something?
It can be embarrassing when you realize that they've asked you a question and they're waiting for an answer, but you have no idea what they asked.
It's embarrassing, right?
But what if the person who is trying to speak to you is Jehovah?
Even though we aren't doing anything wrong, our daily routine can occupy our attention so much that we are not able to hear the refreshing words of Jehovah.